## GitHub Actions
You will need to understand how Github Actions work: Actions make it easier to automate your projects. You can automate tasks your repositories either on a timer or when an event happens, like for example when someone pushes to a branch or opens a pull request.

You can create your own actions or use actions created by the community, which you can find in the GitHub Marketplace.

Here are the links to the Github documentation on Actions

[GitHub Actions Information](https://github.com/features/actions 'Github Actions Information')
[Github Actions Marketplace](https://github.com/marketplace?category=&query=&type=actions 'Github Marketplace Information')
[Github Actions Documentation](https://docs.github.com/en/actions 'Github Actions Documentation')

What We're Doing
Solve a Problem
Podcast Feed Generator
XML, RSS Feeds
YAML Syntax
Probably the best piece of advice I can give you when you're trying to learn something is to solve a problem that you're having.

So In this course, we're going to be building something I needed for my own work. I recentely launched a podcast and I wanted to create a feed that I could use.

A podcast feed is a way for podcast apps to find out information about your show and episodes. From a technical standpoint i'ts an XML file in a specific format called RSS.

XML is a markup language like HTML, but it's used for different kinds of information.

RSS is a flavor of XML specifically for syndicating content. Used for news and podcast content.

If you take a look at this sample feed, you can see that it's not particularly fun to write manually.

So, instead, I'm going to use the YAML format to write the information about my podcast, and use a GitHub Actions to generate the feed.

Building Actions
GitHub Pages
Python
Docker
Bash Scripting
There are plenty of services that you can use to easily host your podcast feed, but for GitHub is a great and free solution for this problem.

GitHub Pages allows you to host static websites for free. You can use it to host your podcast feed.

To parse the YAML into XML, we're going to be using python. Python is a great language for processing data. It's super fast, easy to use and has a ton of libraries that can help you with your needs. I'm assuming you have python installed on your machine. It you need help doing that, check out this course.

Because we're going to be publishing this in the marketplace, we're going to need to write out a Dockerfile. GitHub Actions can use this to build a container that will run our action. Think of a container as a virtual machine that's running in the cloud.

We're also going to need to run some bash scripts to run our python file and also to make sure that our changes are pushed back to GitHub.

The Code
Repo Files
Your Own Repository
Custom Workflows, Dockerfiles, etc.
Normally, when I'm building projects, there's a repository for each course and you can use that to follow along with the class. That's not going to work with this course.

I created a repository at this URL as usual, but you will be building this project on your own repository. The LinkedIn repo will have some sample content as well as the code for the scripts, but you're not going to be able to use it to follow along.

You're going to be building your own Actions, Workflows, Dockerfiles, and customizing things that would break the repository if you used it.

Alright, that's enough talk. Let's build this.